specs/dotsigstore_bundle/verification_flows.md, before:

# Purpose

Enumerate the cosign verification use-cases with various keyed/keyless
modes and TUF configurations.

| Description | Keytype | Rekor entry | Root CA | Key status | Verification |
|-------------|---------|-------------|---------|------------|--------------|
| #1   | Keyless | Yes         | Fulcio  | Valid      | :white_check_mark:  |
| #2   | User provided | No | N/A | N/A: Verifier provides a set of accepted keys | :white_check_mark: |
| #2.1 | User provided | Yes | N/A | Not known by verifier | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.1 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Rekor key valid during signature generation, but new Rekor key published since then. | :white_check_mark: |
| #3.2 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Rekor SET signed with an old key. (i.e the Rekor entry is forged) | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.3 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Current Rekor key (e.g. 5.root.json) but offline client only have 3.root.json; that is, an older Rekor key | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.4 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Fulcio intermediate certificate valid during signing, but now rotated. | :white_check_mark: |
| #3.5 | Keyless | yes | Fulcio | Fulcio intermediate certificate expired during signing. | :no_entry_sign: |
| #4.1 | User provided cert | Yes | User provided | Verifier have root CA | :white_check_mark: |
| #4.2 | User provided cert | Yes | User provided | Verifier does not know root CA | :no_entry_sign: |
| #5   | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Valid. SET in the Rekor entry does not match payload. | :no_entry_sign: |

Commit message:

Added some comments on verify commands that relates to this proposal.
Signed-off-by: Fredrik Skogman <kommendorkapten@github.com>

specs/dotsigstore_bundle/verification_flows.md, after:

# Purpose

Enumerate the cosign verification use-cases with various keyed/keyless
modes and TUF configurations.

| Case | Keytype | Rekor entry | Root CA | Key status | Verification |
|-------------|---------|-------------|---------|------------|--------------|
| #1   | Keyless | Yes         | Fulcio  | Valid      | :white_check_mark:  |
| #2   | User provided | No | N/A | N/A: Verifier provides a set of accepted keys | :white_check_mark: |
| #2.1 | User provided | Yes | N/A | Not known by verifier | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.1 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Rekor key valid during signature generation, but new Rekor key published since then. | :white_check_mark: |
| #3.2 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Rekor SET signed with an old key. (i.e the Rekor entry is forged) | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.3 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Current Rekor key (e.g. 5.root.json) but offline client only have 3.root.json; that is, an older Rekor key | :no_entry_sign: |
| #3.4 | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Fulcio intermediate certificate valid during signing, but now rotated. | :white_check_mark: |
| #3.5 | Keyless | yes | Fulcio | Fulcio intermediate certificate expired during signing. | :no_entry_sign: |
| #4.1 | User provided cert | Yes | User provided | Verifier have root CA | :white_check_mark: |
| #4.2 | User provided cert | Yes | User provided | Verifier does not know root CA | :no_entry_sign: |
| #5   | Keyless | Yes | Fulcio | Valid. SET in the Rekor entry does not match payload. | :no_entry_sign: |

## Notes on verification

The `cosign verify-blob` command already accepts a set of parameters
that are related to this extended bundle proposal. Some reasoning on
potential changes to the parameters:

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `--bundle` | Old bundle format, not used for this bundle type. |
| `--sigstore-bundle` | Path to `file.sigstore` bundle. |
| `--certificate` | Specifies the cert to use, must not be used with `--sigstore-bundle` as cert is provided in the bundle. Expected to be verified against Fulcio root CA, unless `--certificate-chain` is provided.  |
| `--certificate-chain` | Path to a list of CA certificates. Can be used if another CA than Fulcio is used. |
| `--key` | Must be provided if user provided key is used. |
| `--rekor-url` | Not strictly related to this, but used to specify Rekor URL so the correct key can be located in the TUF metadata in case of a multi-TUF-root scenario. |
| `--fulcio-url` | Not strictly related to this, but used to specify Fulcio URL so the correct key can be located in the TUF metadata in case of a multi-TUF-root scenario. |
| `--signature` | Must not be used together with `--sigstore-bundle` as signature is located in the bundle file. |
