doc/cosign_verify-blob.md, before:

## cosign verify-blob

Verify a signature on the supplied blob

### Synopsis

Verify a signature on the supplied blob input using the specified key reference.
You may specify either a key, a certificate or a kms reference to verify against.
	If you use a key or a certificate, you must specify the path to them on disk.

The signature may be specified as a path to a file or a base64 encoded string.
The blob may be specified as a path to a file or - for stdin.

```
cosign verify-blob [flags]
```

### Examples

```
 cosign verify-blob (--key <key path>|<key url>|<kms uri>)|(--certificate <cert>) --signature <sig> <blob>

  # Verify a simple blob and message
  cosign verify-blob --key cosign.pub (--signature <sig path>|<sig url> msg)

  # Verify a signature from an environment variable
  cosign verify-blob --key cosign.pub --signature $sig msg

  # verify a signature with public key provided by URL
  cosign verify-blob --key https://host.for/<FILE> --signature $sig msg

  # verify a signature with signature and key provided by URL
  cosign verify-blob --key https://host.for/<FILE> --signature https://example.com/<SIG>

  # Verify a signature against Azure Key Vault
  cosign verify-blob --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against AWS KMS
  cosign verify-blob --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against Google Cloud KMS
  cosign verify-blob --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT ID]/locations/[LOCATION]/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against Hashicorp Vault
  cosign verify-blob --key hashivault://[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against GitLab with project name
  cosign verify-blob --key gitlab://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]  --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against GitLab with project id
  cosign verify-blob --key gitlab://[PROJECT_ID]  --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against a certificate
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign verify-blob --certificate <cert> --signature $sig <blob>

```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --bundle string                                                                            path to bundle FILE
      --certificate string                                                                       path to the public certificate. The certificate will be verified against the Fulcio roots if the --certificate-chain option is not passed.
      --certificate-chain string                                                                 path to a list of CA certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate
      --certificate-email string                                                                 the email expected in a valid Fulcio certificate
      --certificate-github-workflow-name string                                                  contains the workflow claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the name of the executed workflow.
      --certificate-github-workflow-ref string                                                   contains the ref claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the git ref that the workflow run was based upon.
      --certificate-github-workflow-repository string                                            contains the repository claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the repository that the workflow run was based upon
      --certificate-github-workflow-sha string                                                   contains the sha claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the commit SHA that the workflow run was based upon.
      --certificate-github-workflow-trigger string                                               contains the event_name claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the name of the event that triggered the workflow run
      --certificate-identity string                                                              the identity expected in a valid Fulcio certificate. Valid values include email address, DNS names, IP addresses, and URIs.
      --certificate-oidc-issuer string                                                           the OIDC issuer expected in a valid Fulcio certificate, e.g. https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com or https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth
      --enforce-sct                                                                              whether to enforce that a certificate contain an embedded SCT, a proof of inclusion in a certificate transparency log
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for verify-blob
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the public key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --signature string                                                                         signature content or path or remote URL
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.

Commit message:

feat: add insecure option to name options
Signed-off-by: Batuhan Apaydın <batuhan.apaydin@trendyol.com>

doc/cosign_verify-blob.md, after:

## cosign verify-blob

Verify a signature on the supplied blob

### Synopsis

Verify a signature on the supplied blob input using the specified key reference.
You may specify either a key, a certificate or a kms reference to verify against.
	If you use a key or a certificate, you must specify the path to them on disk.

The signature may be specified as a path to a file or a base64 encoded string.
The blob may be specified as a path to a file or - for stdin.

```
cosign verify-blob [flags]
```

### Examples

```
 cosign verify-blob (--key <key path>|<key url>|<kms uri>)|(--certificate <cert>) --signature <sig> <blob>

  # Verify a simple blob and message
  cosign verify-blob --key cosign.pub (--signature <sig path>|<sig url> msg)

  # Verify a signature from an environment variable
  cosign verify-blob --key cosign.pub --signature $sig msg

  # verify a signature with public key provided by URL
  cosign verify-blob --key https://host.for/<FILE> --signature $sig msg

  # verify a signature with signature and key provided by URL
  cosign verify-blob --key https://host.for/<FILE> --signature https://example.com/<SIG>

  # Verify a signature against Azure Key Vault
  cosign verify-blob --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against AWS KMS
  cosign verify-blob --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against Google Cloud KMS
  cosign verify-blob --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT ID]/locations/[LOCATION]/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against Hashicorp Vault
  cosign verify-blob --key hashivault://[KEY] --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against GitLab with project name
  cosign verify-blob --key gitlab://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]  --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against GitLab with project id
  cosign verify-blob --key gitlab://[PROJECT_ID]  --signature $sig <blob>

  # Verify a signature against a certificate
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign verify-blob --certificate <cert> --signature $sig <blob>

```

### Options

```
      --allow-http-registry                                                                      whether to allow using HTTP protocol while connecting to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries (e.g., with expired or self-signed TLS certificates). Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --bundle string                                                                            path to bundle FILE
      --certificate string                                                                       path to the public certificate. The certificate will be verified against the Fulcio roots if the --certificate-chain option is not passed.
      --certificate-chain string                                                                 path to a list of CA certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate
      --certificate-email string                                                                 the email expected in a valid Fulcio certificate
      --certificate-github-workflow-name string                                                  contains the workflow claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the name of the executed workflow.
      --certificate-github-workflow-ref string                                                   contains the ref claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the git ref that the workflow run was based upon.
      --certificate-github-workflow-repository string                                            contains the repository claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the repository that the workflow run was based upon
      --certificate-github-workflow-sha string                                                   contains the sha claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the commit SHA that the workflow run was based upon.
      --certificate-github-workflow-trigger string                                               contains the event_name claim from the GitHub OIDC Identity token that contains the name of the event that triggered the workflow run
      --certificate-identity string                                                              the identity expected in a valid Fulcio certificate. Valid values include email address, DNS names, IP addresses, and URIs.
      --certificate-oidc-issuer string                                                           the OIDC issuer expected in a valid Fulcio certificate, e.g. https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com or https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth
      --enforce-sct                                                                              whether to enforce that a certificate contain an embedded SCT, a proof of inclusion in a certificate transparency log
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for verify-blob
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the public key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --signature string                                                                         signature content or path or remote URL
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.
