doc/cosign_attest.md, before:

## cosign attest

Attest the supplied container image.

```
cosign attest [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign attest --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--predicate <path>] [--a key=value] [--no-upload=true|false] [--f] [--r] <image uri>

  # attach an attestation to a container image Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign attest --timeout 90s --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a local key pair file, including a certificate and certificate chain
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key --cert cosign.crt --cert-chain chain.crt <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --cert string                                                                              path to the X.509 certificate in PEM format to include in the OCI Signature
      --cert-chain string                                                                        path to a list of CA X.509 certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate. Included in the OCI Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for attest
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --no-upload                                                                                do not upload the generated attestation
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret string                                                                [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --oidc-redirect-url string                                                                 [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC redirect URL (Optional). The default oidc-redirect-url is 'http://localhost:0/auth/callback'.
      --predicate string                                                                         path to the predicate file.
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --replace                                                                                  
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --type string                                                                              specify a predicate type (slsaprovenance|link|spdx|vuln|custom) or an URI (default "custom")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.

Commit message:

Make CLI flag for OIDC client secret take a path
Before, `--oidc-client-secret` secret was specified on the command line.
This runs the risk of leaking the secret to any other processes on the
same machine.

Now, the new flag `--oidc-client-secret-file` takes a path to a file
containing the OIDC secret.

This is a breaking change, but the flag is behind `COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1`.

Signed-off-by: Zachary Newman <z@znewman.net>

doc/cosign_attest.md, after:

## cosign attest

Attest the supplied container image.

```
cosign attest [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign attest --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--predicate <path>] [--a key=value] [--no-upload=true|false] [--f] [--r] <image uri>

  # attach an attestation to a container image Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign attest --timeout 90s --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image with a local key pair file, including a certificate and certificate chain
  cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key --cert cosign.crt --cert-chain chain.crt <IMAGE>

  # attach an attestation to a container image which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign attest --predicate <FILE> --type <TYPE> --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --cert string                                                                              path to the X.509 certificate in PEM format to include in the OCI Signature
      --cert-chain string                                                                        path to a list of CA X.509 certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate. Included in the OCI Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for attest
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --no-upload                                                                                do not upload the generated attestation
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret-file string                                                           [EXPERIMENTAL] Path to file containing OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --oidc-redirect-url string                                                                 [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC redirect URL (Optional). The default oidc-redirect-url is 'http://localhost:0/auth/callback'.
      --predicate string                                                                         path to the predicate file.
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --replace                                                                                  
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --type string                                                                              specify a predicate type (slsaprovenance|link|spdx|vuln|custom) or an URI (default "custom")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.
