doc/cosign_policy_sign.md, before:

## cosign policy sign

sign a keyless policy.

### Synopsis

policy is used to manage a root.json policy
for keyless signing delegation. This is used to establish a policy for a registry namespace,
a signing threshold and a list of maintainers who can sign over the body section.

```
cosign policy sign [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --namespace string                                                                         registry namespace that the root policy belongs to (default "ns")
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret string                                                                [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --out string                                                                               output policy locally (default "o")
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign policy](cosign_policy.md)	 - subcommand to manage a keyless policy.

Commit message:

sign: set the oidc redirect uri (#1675)
* oidc: set redirect uri if needed

Signed-off-by: hectorj2f <hectorf@vmware.com>

* docs: add oidc-redirect-uri optional flag

Signed-off-by: hectorj2f <hectorf@vmware.com>

* cmd: add the oidc redirect uri to key.Opts

Signed-off-by: hectorj2f <hectorf@vmware.com>

* add missing third_party packages

Signed-off-by: hectorj2f <hectorf@vmware.com>

doc/cosign_policy_sign.md, after:

## cosign policy sign

sign a keyless policy.

### Synopsis

policy is used to manage a root.json policy
for keyless signing delegation. This is used to establish a policy for a registry namespace,
a signing threshold and a list of maintainers who can sign over the body section.

```
cosign policy sign [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --namespace string                                                                         registry namespace that the root policy belongs to (default "ns")
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret string                                                                [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --oidc-redirect-url string                                                                 [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC redirect URL (Optional). The default oidc-redirect-url is 'http://localhost:0/auth/callback'.
      --out string                                                                               output policy locally (default "o")
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign policy](cosign_policy.md)	 - subcommand to manage a keyless policy.
