doc/cosign_generate-key-pair.md, before:

## cosign generate-key-pair

Generates a key-pair.

### Synopsis

Generates a key-pair for signing.

```
cosign generate-key-pair [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign generate-key-pair [--kms KMSPATH]

  # generate key-pair and write to cosign.key and cosign.pub files
  cosign generate-key-pair

  # generate key-pair and write tog custom named my-name.key and my-name.pub files
  cosign generate-key-pair --name my-name

  # generate a key-pair in Azure Key Vault
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in AWS KMS
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN]

  # generate a key-pair in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms hashivault://[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in Kubernetes Secret
  cosign generate-key-pair k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitHub
  cosign generate-key-pair github://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitLab with project name
  cosign generate-key-pair gitlab://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitLab with project id
  cosign generate-key-pair gitlab://[PROJECT_ID]

CAVEATS:
  This command interactively prompts for a password. You can use
  the COSIGN_PASSWORD environment variable to provide one.
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help          help for generate-key-pair
      --kms string    create key pair in KMS service to use for signing
      --name cosign   adds a chosen name to your .pub and .key files (defaults to cosign) (default "cosign")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.

Commit message:

feat: allows custom key names for import-key-pair (#2587)
- the outputted private and public keys that where created when
  importing key pairs with `--import-key-pair` command where hardcoded to
  `imported-cosign`. this commit allows for a custom name to be
  specified using the `--output-key-prefix` or `-o` flag to `--import-key-pair`.
  example: `--output-key-prefix my-test` leads to `my-test.key` and `my-test.pub`
  files being outputted. if no `--output-key-prefix` flag is specified, the default
  `imported-cosign`, so backwards compatibility allowed.
- also changes the `--name` flag in `generate-key-pair` command to `--output-key-prefix`
  to be more consistent with `import-key-pair`

Signed-off-by: ChrisJBurns <29541485+ChrisJBurns@users.noreply.github.com>

Signed-off-by: ChrisJBurns <29541485+ChrisJBurns@users.noreply.github.com>

doc/cosign_generate-key-pair.md, after:

## cosign generate-key-pair

Generates a key-pair.

### Synopsis

Generates a key-pair for signing.

```
cosign generate-key-pair [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign generate-key-pair [--kms KMSPATH]

  # generate key-pair and write to cosign.key and cosign.pub files
  cosign generate-key-pair

  # generate key-pair and write to custom named my-name.key and my-name.pub files
  cosign generate-key-pair --output-key-prefix my-name

  # generate a key-pair in Azure Key Vault
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in AWS KMS
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN]

  # generate a key-pair in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign generate-key-pair --kms hashivault://[KEY]

  # generate a key-pair in Kubernetes Secret
  cosign generate-key-pair k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitHub
  cosign generate-key-pair github://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitLab with project name
  cosign generate-key-pair gitlab://[OWNER]/[PROJECT_NAME]

  # generate a key-pair in GitLab with project id
  cosign generate-key-pair gitlab://[PROJECT_ID]

CAVEATS:
  This command interactively prompts for a password. You can use
  the COSIGN_PASSWORD environment variable to provide one.
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help                       help for generate-key-pair
      --kms string                 create key pair in KMS service to use for signing
      --output-key-prefix cosign   name used for generated .pub and .key files (defaults to cosign) (default "cosign")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.
