doc/cosign_sign.md, before:

## cosign sign

Sign the supplied container image.

### Synopsis

Sign the supplied container image.

```
cosign sign [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign sign --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--payload <path>] [-a key=value] [--upload=true|false] [-f] [-r] <image uri>

  # sign a container image with Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign sign <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign sign --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # sign a multi-arch container image AND all referenced, discrete images
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --r <MULTI-ARCH IMAGE>

  # sign a container image and add annotations
  cosign sign --key cosign.key -a key1=value1 -a key2=value2 <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign sign --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign sign --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign sign --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign sign --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in a Kubernetes secret
  cosign sign --key k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container in a registry which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign sign --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
  -a, --annotations strings                                                                      extra key=value pairs to sign
      --attachment string                                                                        related image attachment to sign (sbom), default none
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --cert string                                                                              path to the x509 certificate to include in the Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret string                                                                [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --output string                                                                            write the signature to FILE
      --payload string                                                                           path to a payload file to use rather than generating one
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --upload                                                                                   whether to upload the signature (default true)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --azure-container-registry-config string   Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.
      --output-file string                       log output to a file
  -d, --verbose                                  log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 -

Commit message:

feat: sign --output-certificate and verify --cert  (#1095)
* feat: sign --output-certificate and verify --cert

Signed-off-by: Carlos A Becker <caarlos0@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Matt Moore <mattomata@gmail.com>

* fix: merge conflict

Signed-off-by: Carlos A Becker <caarlos0@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Matt Moore <mattomata@gmail.com>

doc/cosign_sign.md, after:

## cosign sign

Sign the supplied container image.

### Synopsis

Sign the supplied container image.

```
cosign sign [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign sign --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--payload <path>] [-a key=value] [--upload=true|false] [-f] [-r] <image uri>

  # sign a container image with Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign sign <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign sign --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # sign a multi-arch container image AND all referenced, discrete images
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --r <MULTI-ARCH IMAGE>

  # sign a container image and add annotations
  cosign sign --key cosign.key -a key1=value1 -a key2=value2 <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign sign --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign sign --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign sign --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign sign --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in a Kubernetes secret
  cosign sign --key k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container in a registry which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign sign --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
  -a, --annotations strings                                                                      extra key=value pairs to sign
      --attachment string                                                                        related image attachment to sign (sbom), default none
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --cert string                                                                              path to the x509 certificate to include in the Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret string                                                                [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --output string                                                                            write the signature to FILE
      --output-certificate string                                                                write the certificate to FILE
      --output-signature string                                                                  write the signature to FILE
      --payload string                                                                           path to a payload file to use rather than generating one
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --upload                                                                                   whether to upload the signature (default true)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --azure-container-registry-config string   Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.
      --output-file string                       log output to a file
  -d, --verbose                                  log debug output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 -
